 . . hypnotically dull .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense .
an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding
by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
 at its best , it's black hawk down with more heart . at its worst , it's rambo- meets-john ford .
exactly what you'd expect from a guy named kaos .
calculated swill .
this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .
it's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
walsh can't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
thoroughly awful .
 . . . ice age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that won't win many fans over the age of 12 .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
truly terrible .